README.md, before:

################################################
# SWEN-262 Design Project README               #
# Project: Financial Portfolio Tracking System #
# Revised: 3/14/16 By Alexander Kidd           #
################################################

The Financial Portfolio Tracking System (FPTS) is a JavaFX application.  

Below is how to install and run FPTS:

Java 8.1+: http://java.com/en/download/
(This comes with JavaFX.  For JavaFX development, read this: https://www.jetbrains.com/idea/help/preparing-for-javafx-application-development.html)

A folder in the same location as the FPTS.jar on your machine named "data" without quotes.
This is where you can put the csv files (equities.csv, portfolio.csv, etc.)

If you would like to use the start.bat file as well for debugging purposes, put it in 
this directory and run it.

Functionality: Transactions may be buggy as they were the last to be implemented without thorough testing.
Otherwise, everything should run, although form validation may not display helpful errors like "field cannot be blank"
on some forms like the "Add Holdings" window.

Commit message:

Updated to Include V2 Specs
Added:
-Administrative command instructions
-Description of what FPTS is
Updated:
-Username and password that best reflects example portfolio
-Language used to describe where jar should be placed with respect to /data directory

README.md, after:

################################################
# SWEN-262 Design Project README               #
# Project: Financial Portfolio Tracking System #
# Revised: 4/10/16 By Alexander Kidd           #
# Version: 2.0.5                               #
################################################

The Financial Portfolio Tracking System (FPTS) is a JavaFX application for 
managing a portfolio of holdings (equities and cash accounts).  Users can also 
import and export said holdings 

Below is how to install and run FPTS:

Install Java 8.1+: http://java.com/en/download/
(This comes with JavaFX. For JavaFX development, read this: https://www.jetbrains.com/idea/help/preparing-for-javafx-application-development.html)

Have a folder in the same location as the FPTS.jar file on your machine named "data" without quotes.
This is where you can put the csv files (equities.csv, portfolio.csv, etc.)

If you would like to use the start.bat file as well for debugging purposes, put it in
this FPTS.jar directory as well and run it.

If you would like to use the administrator action of deleting an account, run the jar from the command
line as such, where portfolio-username is the portfolio-to-be-deleted's username 
(WARNING: This cannot be undone!):

java -jar FPTS.jar -delete portfolio-username

A sample portfolio with the following credentials has been set up: 

username: a
password: b

Buildlog Note: buildlog.txt was copied over from the output from IntelliJ's "Make" rebuild function.
